What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
   It creates a hidden directory called ".git" in which will be stored all the metadata of your repo, such as the branches and the commits.
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
   All the files in the staging area are the files that will be put in the next commit.
   The files in the working directory are the files of the repo as they are now (even without any commit).
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
   You can add the file you've been working on to the staging area once you've finished working on it and use the command git diff
   to verify there's nothing else in the staging area. While you do that, you can still work on all your files that are in the working
   directory, and you can commit what's in you staging area at any time.
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
   Branches are very useful when you need to build 2 different types of code that have the same origin, for example for testing an experimental feature
   or when you make another version of your program based off of the same code than your first program.
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
   Merging 2 branches puts all the changes made on both branches into only one branch. It allows you, for example, to make a 'new feature' branch
   and to merge this branch with the master branch once the new feature works.
   The diagrams are represented with arrows so we can see which commits are accessible to which branches.
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
   Git can't review your code perfectly and resolve all the conflicts that are in the merging files, resulting in a uncompilable project.
   But it takes time to review all the conflicts.
